Here you can find activities to practise your reading skills. Reading will help you to improve your understanding of the language and build your vocabulary.

The self-study lessons in this section are written and organised by English level based on the Common European Framework of Reference for languages (CEFR). There are different types of texts and interactive exercises that practise the reading skills you need to do well in your studies, to get ahead at work and to communicate in English in your free time.

Take our free online English test to find out which level to choose. Select your level, from A1 English level (elementary) to C1 English level (advanced), and improve your reading skills at your own speed, whenever it's convenient for you.

Move him into the sun -
Gently its touch awoke him once,
At home, whispering of fields unsown.
Always it woke him, even in France,
Until this morning and this snow.
If anything might rouse him now
The kind old sun will know.

Think how it wakes the seeds, -
Woke, once, the clays of a cold star.
Are limbs, so dear-achieved, are sides,
Full-nerved,- still warm,- too hard to stir?
Was it for this the clay grew tall?
- O what made fatuous sunbeams toil
To break earth's sleep at all?

"EnglishClub made our classes so fun and informative" - Heloise, Maria Eduarda and Luciano, Brazil

"The Magic site! Cleverly designed, stimulating, easily viewed. Thank you!" - Misha from Belgrade, Learner of English, Serbia

"This site is AWESOME." - Jaycel Barona, Learner of English

"I am grateful to Josef Essberger for the 7 Secrets. They are informative and sharp." - Andrey Kochanov, Learner of English, Russia

"veryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryveryvery good site!!!!!!" - Andrew, Learner, South Korea

"I can no longer differentiate between learning and having fun." - Yarianto, Learner of English, Indonesia

"Excellent because complete, very useful and well organized." - Michela Grammatico, Learner of English, Italy

"Very helpful...very nice...free of charge!" - Ashraf Saber, Egypt
